# Coursera-Financial-Aid

## Reason you applied for aid
I’m a student from morocco and want to learn Programming with JavaScript. I think it will be beneficial for my thesis work. But I’ve no job of my own to carry the expenses to pay for the certificate of this course. I live only for my scholarship ($37 per month). In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such an amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. So I’m badly in need of this financial aid. I want to take this course as I want to learn Programming with JavaScript. I want to complete the Programming with JavaScript. This course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out Programming with JavaScript and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in previous Signature Track Courses. Also, I intend to participate in discussion forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments that are too peer-reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity.

## Course goals
It's really impossible for me to pay for this course. I want to take this course as I want to complete Programming with JavaScript. I need financial aid because I am from Morocco and my income cannot pay for this course. Now I do not have a job to pay for it. My father’s income cannot either pay for it. I'm a fresh graduate from the faculty of Arts, I didn't start my career yet and I need financial aid because I can't afford the courses without having a job. I need to take this course to work and have money to increase my skill and help my father. I plan to complete all assignments on or before time as I have done in previous Signature Track Courses. Also, I intend to participate in Discussion Forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments that are too peer-reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity. I hope these reasons are enough I really thank you. So I need your help by giving me financial aid.
